go/README.md, before:

# AWS Secrets Go Example

This example shows how an application could access secrets from AWS parameter store in Go. It assumes the following:

- There is an encrypted secret already located at `/app/some-secret`
- The secret is encrypted with the default SSM KMS key
- The secret is in the same AWS region as this app is being run against

## Quick Start

Run the following to see the example in action:

```sh
go mod vendor  # grab dependencies for this example
go run -mod=vendor *.go
```

Your secret should print on the screen at one second intervals. It will remain
cached for 10 second periods (in production you'd be better using a larger
value). Change the secret while the application is running, and you'll see the
secret change when the app refreshes its cached value.

## Demo

This demo shows what happens when I've pre-populated the secret in my AWS
account, and run the Go application. The value is cached for 10 seconds, and
then refreshed. The value was changed in SSM during the demo, and you can see
this reflected in the application output

![app demo](demo/demo.gif)

Commit message:

Added environment variable information to the README

go/README.md, after:

# AWS Secrets Go Example

This example shows how an application could access secrets from AWS parameter
store in Go. It assumes the following:

- There is an encrypted secret already located at `/app/some-secret`
- The secret is encrypted with the default SSM KMS key
- The secret is in the same AWS region as this app is being run against
- You've authenticated your terminal to AWS, and have defined the region which
  you need to access

## Quick Start

Run the following to see the example in action:

```sh
go mod vendor  # grab dependencies for this example
go run -mod=vendor *.go
```

Your secret should print on the screen at one second intervals. It will remain
cached for 10 second periods (in production you'd be better using a larger
value). Change the secret while the application is running, and you'll see the
secret change when the app refreshes its cached value.

## Demo

This demo shows what happens when I've pre-populated the secret in my AWS
account, and run the Go application. The value is cached for 10 seconds, and
then refreshed. The value was changed in SSM during the demo, and you can see
this reflected in the application output

![app demo](demo/demo.gif)

## Environment Variable Secret

Additionally, this example also includes support for using an environment
variable as a secret. This demonstrates how a secret can be used in a local
development environment, with minimal dependency on the AWS SSM Parameter Store.

To use this app with an environment variable secret, simply define the
`SUPER_SECRET_VAR` variable when executing the application, like so:

```sh
go mod vendor  # grab dependencies for this example
SUPER_SECRET_VAR=super_secret_value go run -mod=vendor *.go
```
